# Immersive Reader - Picture to Immersive Reader Swift Sample

### Installation on OSX

Using [Git](https://git-scm.com/), Launch Terminal and run `git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/immersive-reader-sdk` to a preferred folder then:

1. Download Xcode from the Mac App Store.
2. Open terminal and enter the following command: `sudo gem install cocoapods` and enter your password when prompted. 
3. Enter the follow command in the terminal for setup: `pod setup –verbose` this may take a few minutes.

#### Usage

Microsoft 1st Party Office applications should use the `v0.0.3` Immersive Reader JavaScript SDK and the `v0.0.1` SDK's authentication token retrieved by providing a `SubscriptionKey` and `Region`. This will ensure the Immersive Reader uses Office compliant APIs deployed to OSI.

Here are the steps:

1. Create a Microsoft Internal billable App Service Subscription via the AIRS portal: https://aka.ms/airs and be sure to add more than one owner.
1. Once you have access to the Subscription created via AIRS in the Azure portal https://portal.azure.com - use it to create the Immersive Reader Resource.
1. From the Subscription go to Resources and click the `Add` button.
1. Search for "Immersive Reader" and click the `Create` button.
1. Provide the project details, ensuring one of the following regions is selected: `eastus`, `westus`, `northeurope`, `westeurope`, `centralindia`, `japaneast`, `australiaeast` (the Learning tools Service on OSI only supports these regions) and click next.
1. (optional) Add any tags and click next.
1. Review the terms and click the `Create` button (it’ll take a moment to deploy).
1. Once deployed, click the `Go to resource` button.
1. Click on the `Keys and Endpoint` button in the side menu.
1. These are your secrets. `KEY 1` is the `SubscriptionKey`, `LOCATION` is the `Region`.
1. Open terminal and navigate to the iOS-SDK/samples/quickstart-swift directory. Run the following command: `pod install`.
1. In finder open the Immersive Reader repo cloned and navigate to iOS-SDK/samples/quickstart-swift and open the quickstart-swift.xcworkspace file that was just generated by the previous step.
1. In the main project folder, open the file called Constants.swift. Replace the contents with the following code, supplying your custom property values from step one. Keep this file as a local file that only exists on your machine.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Be sure not to commit this file into source control, as it contains secrets that should not be made public**.

```swift
import Foundation

public struct Constants {
    static let SubscriptionKey: String = YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY,
+   static let Region: String = YOUR_REGION,

    static let computerVisionSubscriptionKey: String = YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY,
    static let computerVisionEndPoint: String = YOU_ENDPOINT
}
```

14. Set the archive scheme in Xcode by selecting a simulator or device target.
15. In Xcode press Ctrl + R to run the project and the app should launch on the specified simulator or device. Inside the app, take or upload a photo of text by pressing the 'Take Photo' button or 'Choose Photo from Library' button and the Immersive Reader will then launch displaying the text from the photo.



Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the MIT License.
